hello this is ADA from Italy and here
I'll show you a very spicy recipe of a
hot pot with sausage potatoes and very
tasty vegetables at first I killed them
all and cut them up all in big pieces
except of bell pepper and tomato peeling
and cutting the ingredients takes half
of the whole boiling time
well now I start with saute the onion to
get a nice brown color then I can be
glazed with little math physics and also
with a bit of vinegar plus a bit of
water for boiling the vegetable
importance is a bit of honey otherwise
it gets too sour after that I add bell
peppers and potatoes and the rest of
water I need for the whole out pot then
i spice with salt and pepper
and stearate
now I can leave it with lead on in the
meantime a sautee the sausage pieces
very sure to keep them moist and get
them brown then I add the sausage pieces
to the potatoes instead again now it is
the right time to add my prepare spices
for simmering again after the right body
time for potatoes i Deacon the sauce
with a mix of cold water and floor with
permanently steering and at last I add a
bit of butter
after that the dish is ready to serve so
that an issue a heavy meal yours
Aiden